update help: profiles, map (#879)
deltachat/deltachat-pages: en/help.md

- For performance, images are optimized and sent at a smaller size by default, but you can send it as a "file" to preserve the original.

### What are profiles? How can I switch between them? {#multiple-accounts}

A profile is **a name, a picture** and some additional information for encrypting messages.
A profile lives on your device(s) only
and uses a chatmail or a classic e-mail server to transport messages.

On first installation of Delta Chat a first profile is created.

Later, you can tap you profile image in the upper left corner to **Add Profiles**

> or to **switch profiles**. Eg. you may want to have different profiles for your family, your hobbies or work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or to **Switch Profile**. 

You may want to use separate profiles for political,  family or work related activities, or e. g. for a dedicated "spam-profile" with which you register at websites and platforms that tend to cause unsolicited messages ("spam") sooner or later.  
```
